TODO
$Id$
----------- Pre-Release 0.9.0 -----------------------
credits.html page needs to be developed for copyright and other notices. partially done
terms of use and register pages, do not have a menu or link out of there, so no way to return to main page
INSTALL doc needs to be re-written
Installer/upgrade script needs to be written
Do ALL docs up in html in same style/layout also , interlinking them
build the secure sql functions and class
build the auth class
build the session handler
start breaking presentation out from code, and get it into templates

Start putting ADOdb to work in main.php and benchmark again. compare memory usages.



(Decision point: Should we go with smarty template system, or should we brew our own light weight system?- Discuss in forum)
OK smarty.. we *like* smarty very much here, so we are going to try and see if we can adapt and trim down smarty to an absolute minimum of use
and use caching where possible. I am going to do three benchmark tests, building one complex, one medium, and one simple
page with templates, identical to the same pages as-is, perhaps with some optimization, in the existing code,
and do benchmarks at 10,000 and 100,000  and compare them. For this, I also need to build the memory logger utility
and log memory usage at given points. probably will be a class. I will also be monitoring server load during this test

Identified pages: main.php = lightweight  classified.php = heavyweight page, when viewing full categories.
However these may be templated and written static instead, if a way can be found to do so safely without any chmod 777
guestbook.php should be a middleweight page.


(Descision Point- Should we make use of ADOdb? we could in the future support other databases such as postgres and oracle and mssql,
 plus have well maintained and stable db functions and classes, despite the potential for load issues)
ADODB is an excellent utility, however we do not need its full functionality, other than perhaps crypted sessions.
After teh smarty benchmark tests we will do identical benchmarks with ADOdb and non-ADODB with whichever pages
we decide on based on the smarty benchmarking.

In order to facilitate a fair test we are going to import a large database from a known client just for the test duration, and for this
reason, we cannot modify or alter the database until testing is done. Testing will also facilitate identification of
places where we need to optimize SQL.

IMPORTANT for discussion: This application *MUST* scale well to high traffic situations, therefore the use of Smarty and ADOdb needs to be
*very* carefully considered: We need to build several benchmarking functions that we can use for logging status at certain points,
 page load time, memory usage, server load, etc. A Key point will also be database structure and query optimization.
We have no solid data other than "hearsay" in regards to the performance of ADOdb and Smarty under high traffic situations, so we do need to get some idea of
whether we want to implement these classes (high memory usage, but ease of implementation) or brew our own functions (reduced memory, less code overall,but
higher maintenance cost/need on the part of developers. Based on this developer's experience with both Smarty and ADOdb, It would seem a good choice,
but it is really untested in the type of high traffic situations that we wish to target.

It is a given that we *WILL* be using some sort of templating system or other. We *MUST* separate php code from presentation logic,
not only for developer sanity, but for end users to develop and design their own layouts, without breaking the code.

All presentation will be W3C xhtml transitional compliant, as well as any other stuff such as css and javascript- validate *EVERYTHING*

--------------END TODO for Pre-Release 0.9.0 ----------------------

----------ONGOING TODO LIST ----------------
find and eliminate un-necessary variables and redundant calls. (example, $HEADER and $FOOTER - these are better done in templates.)
Clean up code and format to standards
database structure needs to be converted to xml
------------------END ONGOING-----------------------------------
--------------FEATURE REQUESTS TO ADD -------------------------------
Module for payment systems (securely) must be easily configured via admin panel
Ability to enable "bidding system" for sales
Member "levels" (E.G. Silver, Gold, Platinum)
Web Stats, tracking, traffic trades are items to consider also.
UPLOADS: These must be *LOCKED DOWN* . uploads directory must not be directly accessible, and must never be executable.
there are a *lot* of holes in this existing code, and these must take top priority before first release.
-------------END FREQ-----------------------------------------------

